Update on choosing the Intercom workspace (#4019)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-intercom-cloud/index.md

2. Search for **Intercom Cloud Mode (Actions)** in the Destinations Catalog, and select the destination.
3. Click **Configure Intercom Cloud Mode (Actions)**.
4. Select the source that will send data to Intercom Cloud Mode (Actions) and follow the steps to name your destination.

> 5. On the **Settings** tab, authenticate with Intercom using OAuth. If you have multiple Intercom workspaces, please choose the one that you'd like to connect to Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Settings** tab, authenticate with Intercom using OAuth. If you have multiple Intercom workspaces, choose one workspace that you'll connect to Segment.
```
